docs: cre sxt example (#189)
spaceandtimelabs/sxt-proof-of-sql-sdk: cre-examples/verify-via-http-e2e/README.md

# Summary
This will be a brief tutorial explaining how to run proof of sql queries using CRE Http workflows.

> # Step 1: CRE Prerequisites

Reviewer: Merge this with the SXT API key and call it prerequisites

Structurally, something like this:

* CRE prerequisites
    * List that is basically a clone of what you linked to
* SXT API Key (link here)

We recommend you familiarize yourself with the basics of CRE workflows (creating a CRE account, setting up your local environment, creating workflows, and simulating workflows). Refer to the [CRE docs](https://docs.chain.link/cre/getting-started/part-1-project-setup-ts#prerequisites) for basics.

# Step 2: Acquire an SXT API Key

> Create [here](https://app.spaceandtime.ai/settings/myPlan/apiAuthentication).

Reviewer: Explain why an API key is needed

> # Step 3: Create your root directory:

Reviewer: Merge this with Step 4 and call it something like:
"Create an empty CRE workflow"

> We will call ours `verify-via-http-e2e`. Run `mkdir verify-via-http-e2e && cd verify-via-http-e2e`.

Reviewer: Is there any reason that you use both `verify-via-http-e2e` and `verify-via-http`?

Also, perhaps `posql-demo` or `posql-demo-http-trigger` is better than `verify-via-http`.

# Step 4: Create an Http Workflow

> Create the default CRE hello world typescript project with `cre init --non-interactive -p workflow -w verify-via-http -t hello-world-ts && cd workflow`. Replace everything in `main.ts` with the following:

Reviewer: I guess none of the templates use http triggers. Perhaps the CRE team would be willing to add one. Or maybe we could I think it's a simple PR.

Author: I'm hoping CRE will actually make a lot of this tutorial a template. That would make most of this unnecessary.

```
import { cre, HTTPPayload, Runner, type Runtime } from "@chainlink/cre-sdk";

type Config = {}

const onHttpTrigger = (runtime: Runtime<Config>, payload: HTTPPayload): string => {
  return "Success";
};

const initWorkflow = () => {
	const httpTrigger = new cre.capabilities.HTTPCapability()

	return [cre.handler(httpTrigger.trigger({}), onHttpTrigger)]
}

export async function main() {
	const runner = await Runner.newRunner<Config>();
    await runner.run(initWorkflow);
}

main()
```
At this point, you should be able to run `cre workflow simulate ./verify-via-http --non-interactive --tri

> gger-index 0 --target staging-settings --http-payload "{"bogus": "mock"}"` successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you should be able to run `cre workflow simulate ./verify-via-http --non-interactive --trigger-index 0 --target staging-settings --http-payload "{"bogus": "mock"}"` successfully.
```

Reviewer: I don't think `"bogus": "mock"` is needed, and --http-payload is needed either.

This command is pretty long. Are all the flags really needed? Can you used short versions of them, perhaps?

Make it a block of code instead of inline

Author: I made it as small as I could in draft 2.

> This tutorial was created with version 1.10.0 of the CLI, so just use `cre init` if the first command wasn't working for you. The cli experience may change with version changes, so be sure to reference these [CRE docs](https://docs.chain.link/cre/getting-started/part-1-project-setup-ts#step-2-initialize-your-project) as needed.

Reviewer: This is distracting. Can you make this collapsed/quieter?

> # Step 5: Import the `sxt-proof-of-sql-cre-sdk-typescript` package and update `cre-sdk` accordingly.

Reviewer: Combine 5-7 since they are all really just enabling Proof of SQL for the workflow.

Modify the dependecies in `package.json` to be 
```
"dependencies": {
  "@chainlink/cre-sdk": "1.5.0-alpha.3",
  "sxt-proof-of-sql-cre-sdk-typescript": "0.0.1"
}
```
and run `bun install --cwd ./verify-via-http`.

# Step 6: Convert the workflow to use custom builds.
Run `cre workflow custom-build ./verify-via-http -f`.
Refer to the [CRE docs](https://docs.chain.link/cre/guides/operations/custom-build#convert-a-workflow-to-custom-build) as needed.

# Step 7: Modify the Makefile to include the `sxt-proof-of-sql-cre-sdk-typescript` plugins
The build script can be replaced with the following:
```
.PHONY: build

build:
	mkdir -p wasm
	bun cre-compile --plugin node_modules/sxt-proof-of-sql-cre-sdk-typescript/dist/sxt_proof_of_sql.plugin.wasm \
		main.ts \
		wasm/workflow.wasm

clean:
	rm -rf wasm
```

> # Step 8: Modify the workflow to use proof of sql library.

Reviewer: This is the primary thing we want to highlight. Add some exposition here.

Author: I see. I was thinking the code was pretty self explanatory. What did you have in mind?

Add the import line `import { proofOfSql } from "sxt-proof-of-sql-cre-sdk-typescript";`
The function `onHttpTrigger` can be replaced with the following:
```
const onHttpTrigger = (runtime: Runtime<Config>, payload: HTTPPayload): string => {

>   // The input is expected to be the result of the query "select BLOCK_NUMBER from ETHEREUM.BLOCKS LIMIT 1"

Reviewer: The query isn't part of the workflow. It has to be or there is no trust gained. What's to prevent an entirely different query from being verified?

Author: I've got this on my radar. It's something I plan to address in a future PR. For now, I'm focusing on the steel cable.

  const input = payload.input.toString();
  const queryResult = proofOfSql().verify(input, []);
  switch (queryResult.verificationStatus) {
    case "Failure":
      return "Failure";
    case "Success":
      const blockCountColumn = queryResult.result.BLOCK_NUMBER;
      switch (blockCountColumn.type){
        case "BigInt": 
          runtime.log(`First retrieved: ${blockCountColumn.column[0]}`);
          return "Success";
        default:
          return "Failure";
      }
  }
};
```
Simulation using the mock http input `"{"bogus": "mock"}"` should now return `"Failure"`.

> # Step 9: Create trigger project

Reviewer: Same as Step 8. Add some exposition.

Run `mkdir ../trigger && cd ../trigger && npm init -y && npm install @spaceandtime/ts-proof-of-sql-sdk && touch index.js`. Copy the following into `index.js`:

```
const { proofOfSqlQuery } = require('@spaceandtime/ts-proof-of-sql-sdk');
const { execSync } = require('child_process');
const sxtApiKey = "{YOUR_API_KEY}";

async function main() {
    const result = await proofOfSqlQuery("select BLOCK_NUMBER from ETHEREUM.BLOCKS LIMIT 1", sxtApiKey);
    const res = execSync(`cd ../workflow && cre workflow simulate verify-via-http --non-interactive --trigger-index 0 --target staging-settings --http-payload '${JSON.stringify(result)}'`);
    console.log(res.toString());
}

main();
```

> Be sure to copy your api key in. Obviously, only do this for local testing.

Reviewer: Make the script work with an env variable.
